Michael Francois 

			Module 7 Design Thinking 

Problem

What is the problem you
are looking to solve?

The usa there many states suuch as the bronx that is home to four of the city's five lowest-performing high school districts.
These are the districts: Crotona Park East and the third district
Morrisania is a fictional character created by Morrison (61.4 percent high school graduation rate),

Mount Eden, Concourse, and Highbridge are located in District 4 of the city.

District 5 - Morris (63.4 percent graduation rate)

Heights, Fordham South, and Mount Hope (60.9%) are among the highest-ranking neighborhoods in New York City.

school. 

These districts face challenges as a result of socioeconomic disparities. Covid-19 possesses

Unfortunately, this has added to the difficulties that most people face.

Students of color, both Latino and Black, are represented.  While many students have been successful,

smoothly switch to remote greater disparity with lower income students. Despite the fact that the pandemic has had an impact on education, this cause a major void for 
The most vulnerable are students in school. Teachers cant do  the one-on-one assistance they require before leaving

Children will lag behind in critical subjects on math, english and science.


Existing alternatives

Parents are an excellent alternative, but not every parent is capable of filling their children's educational gaps. In many of these instances. Some parents have multiple children and 
are unable to devote enough time to each of them in order to properly educate them.

Solution 

Just2Teach is a software application. It offers a weekly free 30 minute tutoring block in three different subjects (English, math, and science) for children in grades K-8. Tutors will volunteer their time in 30-minute increments so that they can receive credit for any school they attend. This will provide a consistent 
flow of staff needed to educate the students while also benefiting the tutor.

Key metrics 

We would track how frequently 30 minute slots are reserved to see if the application is working.
 We would also conduct brief surveys at the beginning and end of each session to gauge student
 satisfaction and comprehension. There will also be dedicated staff to train volunteers for the 
subject's teaching roles. We'd also send a one-time survey to parents following tutoring sessions
asking about their perspective on their child's satisfaction and
understanding.  

Unique Value Proposition 

Although different tutoring methods have been
developed recently to aid children experiencing
difficulties during remote learning, this
application is different in that its target
demographic is very specific. Targeting on the
neediest districts in diffirent states like the the Bronx. 
The another proposion that make it different is using volunteers
as teechers. This is new because it hard to find and pay for quality teachers so in this 
application this is great beacause were targeting students who needs credits for teaching licences
exams that truly want to be teachers but needs experience and hours for the courses. This
would makes the process more streamline for the application not only more
manageable to developers, but also more
resourceful to the target children and their
families. This application is designed to help
families that do not have the income to pay for
expensive tutoring but also for future teacher in training.

High level Concept
just2teach =  FaceTime for future teaching professional tutoring serivice 

Unfair advantage 

The first of it kind to a have a platform to gear new incoming teachers to help low income students in neeed
for attention. Also if we get ceritified by the the board of education there will be an alternative for 
incoming teachers to gain credits for there desire subject while helping steudents in need. Having this advantage c
an help not onlywith the designing of the application but also with
the structure of the tutoring sessions.

Channels

This app would be free and accessible via a web browser or a mobile device. Although viewing on a desktop or laptop would be more convenient, 
I understand that many families do not have these types of resources.


Customer segments

first nyc publice school chrisldrend in grades k-8 in districts 3,4,5 and 6;

once we see the application is working for nyc we would do nj and connecticut

after will do same process of the rest of the the states. 


Early Adopters 
Elementary and middle school students in Districts 3,4,5, and 6 who have a NYC school ID, are low-income, 
and are Latino or Black.

Cost Structure 

Tutors will volunteer their time between the hours of 5 and 9 pm. Funding will not be necessary for volunteers.
Funding will only be necessary for the development of the application.

Revenue Stream 
ach user will automatically be alloted a free one 30-minute block per week. Each 30 minute block after that will be $5, If a student does not have
money to pay, they can wait 7 days in order to use another free 30-min block. Eventually we will ask for grants form the board of education for funding.



Just2Teach
Module 7
Description:
Just2Teach is an education resource  for future teaching professional that tutor school children in grades
 K-8th grade who reside in school districts. The application will be available on a web browser and also on mobile devices.
A user will be able to create an account using and adult’s (18+ years old) email, NYC school ID,
and choosing a school from a school drop down list that lists only schools in Districts 3, 4, 5, and 6
of the will be ther first distric which is the Bronx.
A short  instructional application called intro.js will show the user how to use the application for onboarding and using the 
the application so the end user could o reserve a 30 min slot.
Users will be able to create different profiles for each child they have. In the profile they will need
to provide the following for each child:
• NYC school ID
• School district and school name
• Name
• Grade
• Subjects they need help in (Math, English, or Science
Every profile will receive 30 minutes of free tutoring per week. If the 30 minutes are not used within 7 days, they will not be carried over to the following week. Each child is only entitled to 30 minutes of free tutoring per week. Parents will be charged $5 for every additional 30 minutes.
A monthly calendar will show the tutors who are available and the subjects taught for the month. Both parents and students will be able to participate.
 The email confirmation will include a Zoom
link. Users will be notified of session the night before the session and one hour before the session.
Users will have the option to reserve more than 30 minutes; if they do, a payment by credit/debit
card, Apple Pay, or Pay Pal must be provided.
Parent must open the Zoom link and greet tutor. Tutor will send a link with a quick three-question
survey that student must complete before session. Parent must be present in room when child is in
the session with tutor. 
2
At the end of the session, tutor will send a second link with another quick three question survey
that student must complete before ending the session.
Volunteer tutors will only be added to TOOTS through reliable networking. Tutors will go through
a background check before scheduling their first session.
Two days after the session, parents will receive a link to a short survey on their perspective of their

 